<p><strong>Cookies</strong></p>
<p><strong>What is a cookie?</strong></p>
<p><em>A cookie is a small amount of data that is placed in the browser of your computer or on your mobile device. This Privacy and Cookies Policy applies to cookies and similar technologies (hereafter together referred to as &ldquo;cookies&rdquo;).</em></p>
<p><strong>Why are cookies used?</strong></p>
<p><em>Web pages have no memory. If you are surfing from page to page within a website, you will not be recognized as the same user across pages. Cookies enable your browser to be recognized by the website. So cookies are mainly used to remember the choices you have made &ndash; choices such as the language you prefer and the currency you use. They will also make sure you are recognized when you return to a website.</em></p>
<p><strong>Do all cookies do the same thing?</strong></p>
<p><em>No, there are different types of cookies and different ways of using them. Cookies can be categorized according to their function, their lifespan and according to who places them on a website.</em></p>
<p><strong>How are cookies used?</strong></p>
<p><em>Our website uses the following types of cookies:</em></p>
<p><em><strong>Technical cookies</strong>: We try to provide our visitors with an advanced and user-friendly website that adapts automatically to their needs and wishes. To achieve this, we use technical cookies to show you our website, to make it function correctly, to create your user account, to sign you in and to manage your bookings. These technical cookies are absolutely necessary for our website to function properly.</em></p>
<p><em><strong>Functional cookies:</strong> We also use functional cookies to remember your preferences and to help you use our website efficiently and effectively. For example, we remember your preferred currency and language, your searches and the property you viewed earlier. These functional cookies are not strictly necessary for the functioning of our website, but they add functionality for you and enhance your experience.</em></p>
<p><em><strong>Analytics cookies</strong>: We use these cookies to gain insight on how our visitors use the website, to find out what works and what doesn&rsquo;t, to optimize and improve our website and to ensure we continue to be interesting and relevant. The data we gather includes which web pages you viewed, which referring/exit pages you entered and left from, which platform type you used, date and time stamp information and details such as the number of clicks you make on a given page, your mouse movements and scrolling activity, the search words you use and the text you type while using our website. We also use analytics cookies as part of our online advertising campaigns to learn how users interact with our website after they&rsquo;ve been shown an online advertisement, which may include advertisements on third-party websites. We will not know who you are, and we only obtain anonymous data.</em></p>
<p><em><strong>Commercial cookies</strong>: We use these to show you BookingCore advertisements on other websites. This is called &ldquo;retargeting&rdquo; and it aims to be based on your browsing activities on our website, such as the destinations you&rsquo;ve been searching for, the properties you&rsquo;ve viewed and the prices you&rsquo;ve been shown.</em></p>
<p><strong>How long do BookingCore cookies stay active?</strong></p>
<p><em>The cookies we use have varying lifespans. The maximum lifespan we set on some is five years from your last visit to our website. You can erase all cookies from your browser any time you want. To remove BookingCore cookies from your browser, go to the following link (please note that when you click on this link, all BookingCore cookies will be removed immediately).</em></p>
<p><strong>How can you recognize BookingCore cookies?</strong></p>
<p><em>You can find our cookies in your browser settings</em>.</p>
<p><strong>Who has access to BookingCore cookie data?</strong></p>
<p><em>Only BookingCore has access to BookingCore cookies. Cookies placed by third parties can be accessed by these third parties.</em></p>
<p><strong>How can you manage your cookie preferences?</strong></p>
<p><em>Using your browser settings in, for example, Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox or Chrome, you can set which cookies to accept and which to reject. Where you find these settings depends on which browser you use. Use the &ldquo;Help&rdquo; function in your browser to locate the settings you need.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>If you choose not to accept certain cookies, you may not be able to use some functions on our website. Plus, opting out of an online advertising network doesn&rsquo;t mean that you won&rsquo;t receive or be subject to online advertising or marketing analysis. It means that the network you opted out of will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and browsing patterns.</em></p>
<p><strong>Security</strong></p>
<p><strong>What security procedures does BookingCore put in place to safeguard your personal data?</strong></p>
<p><em>In accordance with European data protection laws, we observe reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorized access and the misuse of personal information.</em></p>
<p><em>We use appropriate business systems and procedures to protect and safeguard the personal information you give us. We also use security procedures and technical and physical restrictions for accessing and using the personal information on our servers. Only authorized personnel are permitted to access personal information in the course of their work.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Your credit card details &ndash; when they are needed as part of the reservation process &ndash; are stored for a maximum of 10 days. After that, your credit card data will be either permanently deleted from our systems or will remain hashed in our system for fraud detection purposes. This is unless you have chosen to store your credit card details in your personal account</em></p>
<p><strong>Children</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>The services offered by Triplinoo are not directed at children under 18 years old. The use of any of our services is only allowed with the valid consent of a parent or a guardian. If we receive information from a child under 18 years old, we reserve the right to delete it.</em></p>
<p><strong>How can you control the personal data you have given to BookingCore?</strong></p>
<p><em>You always have the right to review the personal information we keep about you. You can request an overview of your personal data by emailing us at bookingcore.org@gmail.com. Please write &ldquo;Request personal information&rdquo; in the subject line of your email and include a copy of your identity card to help us prevent unauthorized individuals from accessing your personal data.</em></p>
<p><em>If the personal information we have for you is incorrect, we will update it at your request. You can also ask us to remove your personal data from our customer database by sending an email to bookingcore.org@gmail.com with &ldquo;Request for removal of personal information&rdquo; in the subject line. However, we may need to retain certain information, for example, for legal or administrative purposes, such as record keeping or to detect fraudulent activities. You can delete your user account at any time by signing into your account on the BookingCore website and choosing to remove your account.</em></p>
<p>Who is responsible for the processing of personal data on the BookingCore website and apps?</p>
<p>BookingCore controls the processing of personal data on its websites and mobile apps. BookingCore is a private limited liability company, incorporated under the laws and has its online offices in Ha Noi, Viet Nam. If you have any suggestions or comments about this privacy notice, please send an email to bookingcore.org@gmail.com</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Last updated, April 2019</p>